[Music]
the alchemist of the mysterious journey
hi welcome to atlear ferris my name is
karsten
i just wanted to see if i could get an
episode in i just got this
i do work tonight but i want to see if i
can get an episode in before then
i have played the previous one the
atlear sophie
and was very much looking forward to
this one when it came out
i've heard this one is a whole lot
better even so
really looking forward to it i did play
just enough skipping pass not paying
attention to what was going on just
enough to make sure that
things like the camera controls were set
up the way i want
and let's go ahead and get into it
one thing that does bug me and it threw
me off i was going why is the frame rate
so
low there no it's just the graphic that
they use for the
selection they're kind of odd but in any
case let's get right into it
good morning you look as lively as usual
today
[Music]
good morning
are you going to work yeah in a little
bit
i see do your best
it looks as tough as always
i guess i'll go to work
in a certain time in a certain place
there was a small town called ertona
deep in a rocky mountain
it was a gloomy town its residents
making a living by mining
the entrance was always sealed by a
large
iron door
few were allowed to pass through the
door and none
ever entered to visit from the outside
[Music]
this sealed town passed its days in
obscurity
but one girl began to yearn to see the
world outside
[Music]
ah there you are first
[Applause]
i'm sorry elder i know i'm late
no i don't mind in fact i only just
arrived myself
[Music]
anyway i don't mean to rush but
could you begin your work at once
[Music]
okay
so i could hear it
i'll go gather it right away
yes please do so
you can gather by pressing x try
collecting a few ores from nearby
would you like to view the quest notes
tutorial um
sure well music change
fierce goals take on the form of quests
and start one after another
if you don't know what your next goal is
check the quest details
quest details can be found in quest
notes under the main menu
okay
now then today is another day of work my
work is to find ore
picking up the oars on the ground is my
job so i'll pick up some more around
here and give them to the elder
two of them should do it
now a couple things
just yelling over i've heard very little
about this other than that it's very
good
i've also heard that there is
a time limit to begin with
uh the earlier atlea games had a set
time limit for the whole game and
basically just
ended at that point if they didn't end
before then
the more recent few atlear games didn't
have a time limit at all
what i've heard of this one i haven't
really gotten into
major spoilers but what i've heard is
there's a time limit of one year for the
first part
and then no time limit after that which
i think is a pretty good compromise
um everything i've heard
is people praising this game and being
one of the best
of the atlear series so really looking
forward to it now
let's go ahead and take a look at the
map
the quest we already checked the quest
see if we can get to the menu
60 slots in our backpack there's our
quest book
that's an interesting status screen
i mean or resistance okay oh
maybe the skills like the previous one
had
that we can gain
[Music]
i don't know
there's the standard settings menu
okay
[Music]
like a little lighting effect when she
does that anyway let's go ahead and do
this
okay that's one i have to hold it down
nope i just press it once
[Music]
what did you find today here this was
everything
hmm yes i have no complaints about both
the quantity and quality
as expected from you ferris
that's good this is all i can really do
after all
what are you saying you have the power
to know exactly where to find ore
it's quite helpful don't you all agree
[Music]
that's right you're really amazing
ferris
our mining outfit has been decreasing
lately after all
who knows what would happen if you
weren't here ferris
i'm not that great anyway you are most
helpful today
this concludes your work for the day
okay then i'll be going now
[Music]
i finished faster than i expected i
guess i'll just go home
okay do i get to keep those now or
no wait
okay just looking at the equip there
[Applause]
[Music]
i don't see a time thing so i might not
have be
timed right now
what are these uh
no here black sand
found something yes you did okay
these all just blacks oh
oh maybe i should take a look at the
door
[Music]
it hasn't changed since morning but
maybe it suddenly got lighter
[Music]
of course it wouldn't be yeah
i already knew that
if only this door was gone
i could go outside whenever i wanted to
[Music]
i'm tired because i'll just go home
serious were you waiting here to welcome
me back
[Music]
no it was just a coincidence
wait were you really supposed to come
home today
[Music]
the plan was to stay out for longer but
the hunt went really well
i couldn't carry any more so i came back
huh so you've got a big catch and that
means we'll be eating well for a while
yeah i caught lots of rabbits i know
they're your favorite
eat as much as you want
[Music]
yay you're the best leah
but aside from that
let me guess you want to know about the
outside
you always ask when i come home
[Music]
so how was it did you see anything
amazing
hold on before i tell you i need to
finish my work
we can talk about that later okay
okay then i'll go with you
i want to hear about it as soon as
you're done
yes yes i know
[Music]
okay that was a quest okay
um
so quest book
let's return to the plaza okay we can do
that
[Music]
oh
my job's to stand here you certainly
aren't npc sir
[Music]
you just keep doing that npc thing
ah lyanna you've returned how did the
hunt go
[Music]
it happened to be breeding season so it
was excellent
we shouldn't be short on food or
clothing for a long time
i see i see thank you for your hard work
it wasn't a problem i placed the catch
by the door so please collect it later
i understand but you should go and get
some rest
[Music]
sorry for the weight what is it
nothing i was just thinking about how
cool you are when you're working leah
does that mean i'm not cool during other
times
i won't talk about the outside with
someone who's so rude
what is that i didn't mean it like that
at all
[Music]
i'm joking now that i'm done with work
i'll tell you as promised
[Music]
don't tease me like that
sorry sorry you're too cute so i
couldn't resist
now what to talk about first
i know the weather was nice and the blue
skies
as far as i could see
[Music]
oh it's already this late looks like
i've talked a little too long
the outside really does sound amazing
i want to go there too
we should head home mom and dad will
start worrying if we don't
someday i'll definitely go
ferris we're leaving
[Music]
oh right sure
all right quest let's go back home
started
got carried away by leah's tales and
didn't realize how late it was let's go
home
my house is in the north of town about
the flight of stairs what could be for
dinner tonight i'm so excited
[Music]
all right
well she hunts stuff apparently
but they're purple pretty rocks let's
see
hey
[Music]
yo
cole this is purple pretty rocks not
coal but oh well
sure whatever what's this
is this where i'm supposed to go
probably not
shining crystal in what is in here
yes
[Music]
okay i hope you're not hearing that
occasional crackling in the audio that
might just be
the new headset i'm using i hope it's
not anything with the game
[Music]
but let's proceed on towards
the next you can definitely see that
stuff lights up around me
[Music]
we're home welcome home ferris
you too lyanna and good work i heard all
about it from the elder
you could send us a letter if you're
going to come home so soon
[Music]
i'm sorry mom it's fine
i'll be making dinner so just relaxing
time
fearous i heard you had some amazing
results at work today too
the elder was overjoyed he said you're
the star of hope for our town
that's not true all i can do is go
around finding ore
clay is way more amazing than me she got
lots of game outside
it's not really a big deal anyone could
do that
no you're also amazing lyanna i'm so
happy to have such capable daughters
leah has it so good she gets to work
outside
i want to go outside too
[Music]
absolutely not
you aren't allowed to go outside there
are monsters and dangerous places
even if you went outside you would come
home crying before you knew it
but leah goes outside
lyanna's an exception she's much
stronger than you are
you tell her too me
that's right it's true that the outside
isn't a fun place like you seem to
believe fears
[Music]
exactly anyway you can't go outside
understand
yes good that's the end of this story
dinner's ready so help me carry it to
the table
wind blows around the world like a
traveler
even as the sun and moon set and
countless stars fall
prairies extend as far as the eye can
see
and forests grow deep and dark
great trees reach up to the heavens
one could never see all such sights even
in a lifetime
yet still the wind travels the world as
if to do so
under the blue sky like a companion to
every traveler
[Music]
even if they tell me no i still want to
go
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning huh where's leah
good morning ferris leon i left the
house early in the morning
where could she have gone i'm gonna do
ferris
hmm i don't have work today so maybe
i'll go for a walk
i see be careful okay yeah i will
oh i know maybe i'll go take a look at
the sky
it's been a while
look at the sky huh
please to see the sky oh i see
today i don't have any work so i'll go
see the sky it's been a while beyond the
mining area and from the
shore of the lake i can see the pretty
sky really well
all right south of town to see the sky
and um
you know maybe it's rude to say so but
leah's hair is very different than
everyone else in the family
just just saying
let's see what's here
watery water okay
[Music]
[Applause]
now let's see now that's okay map
um okay i can't scroll around the map i
can just go between these
[Applause]
okay so let's go around this way because
we haven't been around this way before
yeah i'll pick these things up
don't know how useful they're going to
be but sure why not
oh right i can see on the map if i can
go indoors oh
new thing what are these new things uh
baskets groundwater and
now i do see the size thing looks like
we get to play tetris for alchemy again
which is kind of cool
[Music]
got another place to go in over here
what's in here hope i didn't
[Music]
i look have to talk to the barrels looks
like she says the same thing
okay
i wonder if she says different things
for barrels in other areas probably not
[Music]
what was that what did it say for the
private home okay just walking into
people's houses
and talked to their barrels
what oh
okay
[Music]
it looks like she says the same thing
for all the barrels around here at least
what's in here
yeah okay crook so you're fixing it
they just standing in the corner alright
if you say so
[Music]
hello little girl the other day when
daddy came back home
probably a teddy bear huh okay
what is your oh his little what are
those hair ornaments
okay just little ribbons they look
really weird
a mushroom
that is not a mushroom that's ash why
did it look like a mushroom
[Music]
found something let's see
in the map we are going okay we'll go
south here
see what's over here
[Music]
can we break that
we got paper or paper scraps of some
kind
[Music]
yeah paper scraps okay private home
anything interesting in here probably
not not oh
for a second i thought there wasn't even
anyone to talk to
all right there's the
okay the other door doesn't do anything
[Music]
all right let's most more or less kind
of move on with the plot here
okay i was wondering about that on the
menu she does run a little bit faster
when holding r1
[Music]
because i saw that r1 and control on the
menu blue thing
oh that's a new thing what is that new
thing
er tonight
[Music]
okay
wow it's always so pretty
no matter when i look at it
but if i go outside i could see the sky
whenever i wanted to
not only that but it spreads out as far
as you can see
it's so unfair
i want to see the big blue sky too
[Music]
the silky girl i see that cute face of
yours is going to waste you know
leah do you need something
i just came to comfort my gloomy little
sister
this is about yesterday isn't it
[Music]
yeah i don't understand at all
why are those two so opposed to me going
i already know there are monsters in
dangerous places outside
i know that monsters can kill people and
that i could get hurt somewhere
but i still want to go outside mom and
dad are so stubborn
you know ferris mom and dad are probably
just
[Music]
i'm so mad
fearis i'm going to go take a look at
the door
you go home first leah
[Music]
i noticed in that cut scene that ferris
has really interesting looking pupils
too
let's see came all the way look at the
sky but my mood's been ruined because of
what happened yesterday
seriously let's go see the door to clear
my mind why won't mom and dad allow me
to go
[Music]
all right and that is
way up back at the north end again i
think
unless no there
east center there okay
[Music]
let's just go straight there because
it's
getting close to about a half an
hour-ish on this
and i'd like to get to a point where we
have a save
point i'm not sure where that's gonna
be honestly
are you npc guy no no you're
transporting your guy
your npc guy yep
[Music]
i came rushing over here but what am i
even doing
it's not like i can go outside just
because i came here
[Music]
excuse me is anyone there
my head's suddenly clearing up now that
i think about it
leah was trying to say something
it seems like nobody's there it seems so
wait a minute why are you taking out a
bomb huh
if nobody's there i figured i could just
blow it up
[Music]
i need to apologize to her later
huh i could swear i heard something just
now
[Music]
on i'm about to blow up this door
if anyone's there please watch out
what blow it up oh wait
a huge success sophie
don't you think that was rather
haphazard if you injured someone you
it's fine it's fine i checked to make
sure nobody was there
the door blown away
wait a person are you okay are you hurt
i'm fine but the
door it's gone without a trace
the door oh
sophie it's okay i i have something for
times like this
here it is if i just use this
[Music]
there good as new
am i dreaming right now the door was
blown away
but now it's back
um who exactly are you
my name's sophie and this is
flocta pleased to make your acquaintance
so what's your name
i'm ferris ferris
nice to meet you yes
so um what exactly do you do sophie
me i'm an alchemist welcome mist
yep alchemists are people who use
alchemy and alchemy is
wait sophie it appears beerus is
confused
oh um i'm sorry
this is all happening so suddenly
oh sorry hmm
maybe it will be faster to show you than
explain it
hey ferris is there a place around here
where we could put up a tent
a tent you could probably use the open
lot near my house
really sorry but could you guide us
there
um sure i don't mind
i'm sorry about all this it would be
most helpful
that was a shock but they don't seem
like bad people
they destroyed the door so easily
is that alchemy
i need to guide them to the open lot to
find out
[Music]
[Applause]
hey you live here right ferris is this
artona
yeah it is
that's a relief you can find all kinds
of ore in this town right
that's right to tell the truth my job is
to find oars
you find ores
yeah i'm the only one who's capable of
doing that
the other people mine using pickaxes
like normal
i see is there a reason why you don't
use a pickaxe
um it's because i don't need one
i know where to find or without digging
you know i can hear the places that have
ore
it's like something is telling me the
oar is there
i guess could this be
yes quite likely
i'm sorry i know it sounds weird
no it's not weird in fact that's
probably your talent furis
i agree with sophie it's a very rare
talent
please cherish it
okay a talent huh
so i guess she listens to aura the same
way um
oh what was his name that listened to
plants in
utley or sophie you know the guy i'm
talking about
anyway let's uh see
well i guess we keep going there
could i like maybe have a safe spot at
some point guys
[Music]
by the way youtube came from outside
right
yeah that's right we came from a place
called kirchen bell
there's a big church and lots of
greenery
and the people in town are so nice
it's not very large but it's a very calm
and livable town
wow um could you tell me more about the
outside
i'm really interested in learning about
it
about outside huh i
see in that case
what should i talk about
sophie shouldn't we put up the tent
first
i'm sure it would be more relaxing to
speak afterwards
oh right let's do that
are you okay with that ferris yeah
let's hurry over to the open lot
[Music]
yeah this should do the trick really i'm
glad
thanks fierce i'll put up that tent real
quick
[Music]
let's see this goes like this and if i
do this
it's done okay come inside
i'm sure you'll be surprised surprised
it's bigger on the inside isn't it
little
alchemy tardis tent or something
[Music]
excuse me
yep huh i'm inside a tent right
why is it so spacious what's going on
here
this is the power of alchemy
i'd like to officially welcome you to
our atlear
yes it's a place where alchemists do
their work
and alchemy is i'll do it right now so
take
a look
let's see materials
this and this
[Music]
the temperature of the cauldron and stir
it around
slowly and properly
[Music]
there the item's done
what just happened
[Music]
this is alchemy
you use certain things to make
completely different things
that's how our alchemy works
thanks to alchemy i can make all kinds
of things
that includes this tent and what i used
to fix the door
so what do you think do you understand
now
it can destroy doors and fix them
and unexpected things pop out of
cauldrons
it really is like i'm dreaming how come
you
how come here so
alchemy is so amazing
right sophie do it again
please let me see it one more time
it seems she's taken a liking to it
[Music]
you're right hmm with that in mind
i have a little proposal beerus
would you like to try alchemy
[Music]
huh me
that's right i think you have a natural
talent for alchemy
also i think it would be way more fun to
do it yourself rather than just watch
[Music]
yes i agree there's no need to hesitate
okay in that case i'll give it a try
all right that's the spirit
sophie taught for us a recipe i'll teach
you how to do it
could you come over here okay
if you use the alchemy cauldron you can
synthesize items
you can use the desk to save and load
the game finally
all right items retained will be sent to
the container check them no we don't
need to check them
send them all to the container
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
oh yes that was one of the things that i
saw like on the website apparently you
can
end up customizing this area at some
point
okay so that's the container
[Music]
what
this is a great opportunity i should try
alchemy with sophie
okay i guess that later actually we will
do alchemy next time
for right now i'll go ahead and save
it's we've been recording for
about like 40 some odd minutes now so
hope you're enjoying thanks for watching
i hope to be putting these out on some
sort of reasonable schedule
depending on work and things like that
so
look forward to it
[Music]
welcome back to let's play at lee or
ferris my name is karsten
you may have noticed that uh there was
no
intro on the previous video the in the
intro
animation sequence like i usually like
to do for the first episode
of my let's plays well there was
a uh copyright
notification on it and muted the entire
video
so i had to re-edit it without that
and you basically just cut that out
so unfortunately if you want to watch
the intro animation
you will have to look elsewhere i'm sure
that it is
up somewhere available but unfortunately
uh
it got copyright claimed in any case
let's proceed on and i believe we are
ready to do some basic alchemy
[Music]
okay then let's start all right first
you need to
[Music]
fade to black synthesize an item you
need
the recipe first select that and make
from one of the recipes you learned
[Music]
you require material for synthesis you
can see what you can make with symbols
on the left
of the recipe resistance immediately can
be said
can make after synthesizing materials
and don't have enough materials
pretty standard stuff there and alchemy
levels too low
okay all right well we have exactly one
recipe
what would be best select the materials
[Music]
materials basically they didn't
assassinate specific items or call for
categories
same kind of thing as always
each material has different alchemy
components
welcoming components or something every
material because they're represented by
a number or color
okay i think you've seen this kind of
thing before
by pressing square you can change the
idea information check how much of
what color alchemy components are on an
item
all right that's
15 blue and good smell
[Applause]
same with that one that's right and
nicole
we got a bunch of these some of those
have blurry letters
and mellow which are purple and
blue and this
you just got blue okay
so you need two of these pressing x
selected item yep
window on the right displays quality
number made size item effects yep
average quality number made in one round
and the size of the item okay
item effects yep
okay let's add that mellow one
okay we're doing a reset i wonder if we
change this to something else
different recovery bonus okay so this
[Music]
if we do that one
get recovery bonus small
[Music]
if we do this one we don't
okay let's do that one
[Music]
i don't think there's any difference on
these but let's go with the
higher quality one
you need two of them um
[Music]
let's go ahead and let's go with that
um
don't think it's gonna make any
[Music]
difference don't get to play tetris yet
apparently
that will happen as my level goes up i
believe
i need six of them i guess
there's a strange smell with purple all
right
[Music]
i did it i really did sophie
congratulations it's pretty amazing to
succeed so quickly
yes sophie wasn't able to make anything
at first
um i could make some things
kind of come on
that was all in the past it doesn't
matter now
[Music]
regardless it seems you have a natural
talent for alchemy fears
is that so alchemy really is fun
you throw in the materials mix it up and
then poof
it's all done sophie
i don't understand what she means by
that
[Music]
i guess she's just saying it was fun in
her
own way but you really are amazing
ferris if you keep working at this rate
you could pass the license exam
license exam yes
once every year there's an examination
to gauge the abilities of alchemists
if you pass you'll be officially
recognized as a superior alchemist
to tell the truth i'm thinking about
taking the exam next year
i see so that's why you're traveling
yeah that's right but enough about that
first do you understand what alchemy is
now
yeah i understand it really well
i see that's great
[Music]
what was that just now it's the bell to
tell the time
we can't really see the sky in this town
after all
so that's what it was it's already night
i need to go home soon
hey ferris we're planning to stay in
this town for a little while
you should come and visit again i'll let
you try alchemy whenever you want
okay huh
is it really okay of course
right flacta yes you're welcome here
anytime
yay i'll definitely come again
all right then be careful on your way
home
see you again we'll be waiting
i'm home welcome home he ran off all of
a sudden i was really worried you know
that's sorry
[Music]
you seem happy did something good happen
it's a secret
what a strange girl oh well dinner's
ready you should eat
[Music]
good morning good morning
looks like you slept well yeah
huh it's just you here mom
your father and both left a while ago
i see maybe i should go somewhere too
that's fine but be home by dinner time
okay now that i think about it i forgot
to ask sophie and pluckta about the
outside
i want to try alchemy again too i should
go to the atlear again today
[Music]
all right and let's go visit
i have to work again today come to think
of it i missed the chance to hear about
the outside world so maybe i'll go visit
sophie's atlear
maybe they'll let me do alchemy again
all right
[Music]
oh she's not surprised by the oh that
was surprising
[Music]
well she said the normal way once
huh anyway
[Music]
huh people are all gathered up
okay next up is this bomb it's
convenient to carry around
and its power is good too
[Music]
it's handy for slaying monsters and for
blowing up rocks that are in the way
huh if i had something like that it
would be easy handling wild poonie
and i've been saving the best for last
this
is the full auto pickaxe
it digs the ground by itself so you can
even dig through hard bedrock with ease
[Music]
whoa that's amazing
indeed i'd love to have one
what's sophie doing the elder and dad
are there too
anyway i've got everything from medicine
to bombs to daily goods
if you need anything please let me know
i'll make it all without getting really
quick
alchemy is so amazing to think that you
can make anything with it
yeah it's impressive maybe i'll ask her
to make something for me
huh so you can make medicine and bombs
using alchemy too
it really seems like you can make
anything great
make medicine and bombs
with medicine you can heal wounds and
with bombs you can defeat
monsters wait a second
if i had alchemy even i could survive
outside
all right i'm going to talk to sophie
about it
[Music]
all right
if i had alchemy
[Music]
i came up with an idea after seeing
sophie introduce alchemy to everyone
with the power of alchemy i could create
anything and also survive outside
let's ask sophie to take me as her
apprentice
[Music]
excuse me oh welcome what's wrong
you seem like you're in a hurry
[Music]
um sophie i
please make me your apprentice
sophie's apprentice what are you trying
to say
the little details don't matter i want
sophie to teach me
alchemy i don't know the circumstances
but you certainly seem enthusiastic
hmm i see an apprentice huh
i don't really mind but would you really
be okay with
me as your teacher fears
yes of course totally i wouldn't want it
any other way
shouldn't it be fine she seems quite
eager
[Music]
okay but just one condition
before we start you need your parents
permission
alchemy can be dangerous when you mess
up after all
[Music]
that's true there's the possibility of
an explosion resulting in
injury so that would be best
what permission from mom and dad
if you think it'll be hard to explain i
can go too
i'd like to meet them anyway really
if it's okay with you then i'd like to
ask you to come
[Music]
yeah let's go then
mom dad welcome home
that was fast who is this
sorry for intruding my name's sophie
ah you're the alchemist from earlier
you're more than welcome here
alchemist yeah
but she's not just any alchemist she's
going to be my teacher
starting today i don't understand
what do you mean
i'm going to become an alchemist alchemy
amazing you can make medicine and bombs
just about anything with alchemy
i could get by on the outside too that's
why i want to become an alchemist
and go outside
so is it okay it's okay for me to start
alchemy right
it's okay to go outside
[Music]
no
how many times do i have to tell you the
outside is much more dangerous than you
seem to imagine
i don't know what kind of dreams you
have about it but it's a place where
even adults are killed
i can already see what would happen if
you go to a place like that
you would be some monster's dinner in no
time
i already understand all that that's why
i want to learn alchemy
with alchemy i could heal myself if i
get hurt
and i can beat monsters i could get by
outside
do you really think dabbling in alchemy
a little would be that helpful
i'll do my best to practice starting
today
i was told that i have a natural talent
for alchemy
i even managed to make something with it
already
so please mom i want to go outside
no matter what i want to see what's
beyond that door
sophie was it i'm sorry my daughter has
caused you such trouble
i'll talk to her about it thoroughly i'm
sorry but please leave
[Music]
why don't you understand
fearless is it really so bad to want to
go outside
is it really so unforgivable to want to
see the sky beyond that door
i never asked to be born in a town like
this
i hate this gloomy old town and i hate
you both too
fearless um i
excuse me
she said she hates us i know
beerus
[Music]
i've never gone outside this door not
even once
i've been inside this town ever since i
was born
no matter how much i wish to go outside
the store would never
open for me
but you managed to destroy it so easily
sophie
you showed me that alchemy is an amazing
power
that's why i thought that if i had
alchemy
i could go outside too
i want to try going outside i want to go
and see all kinds of things
with my own eyes
[Applause]
i want to go on a journey beyond the
store
with my own two feet under the big blue
sky
that's why please sophie
please teach me alchemy i needed to
fulfill my dream
i'm sorry i didn't know anything at all
about you fierce
about outside about your parents and
everything you thought and worried about
up until now
hey fearis would you like to fulfill
your dreams with me
[Music]
i'll do everything i can i'll teach you
alchemy
and whatever else i'm able to so
let's go and see what's beyond that door
together okay
yes yes
okay then let's do our best together
ferris
yeah all right let's go back to the
atlear for now
we need to think about what we're going
to do that's right
okay
[Music]
okay so are we going to just go without
permission then or what
[Music]
uh let's see i didn't see what that was
let's return to sophie's atlea to think
about the future
[Music]
oh message log l
l1 i love this npc guy here
[Music]
oh
you're back grief
you caused us a lot of worry clear
elder why
what do you mean why we could hear your
shouting from across
town
[Music]
i understand how you feel it seems we've
forced you to endure much
we spoke to nicola and lucas already
about allowing you to leave
huh
[Music]
yes however nicola was quite stubborn
she refused to agree unconditionally
so that means there are conditions
indeed you must learn enough
alchemy to get by without any issues
outside she's not lying when she says
it's dangerous out there
mom is just worried about you fears
so i came up with a good idea
we'll make it like a series of
assignments
you must solve several problems around
town
using alchemy if you can do it all
within a set period of time
you have permission to leave if not
you must give up ongoing
so how does it sound simple to
understand
yes i understand
i'll do it yes very well
um thank you for all of this elder
i haven't done anything in particular
isn't that right lyanna
[Music]
anyway that's all do your best first
[Applause]
so leah was the one who convinced mom
thank you leah well i guess this means
your parents understand now
it sounds like it but solving problems
with alchemy
i wonder if i can do that
[Music]
you'll be fine have some confidence in
yourself i'll teach you everything you
need to know
okay now that that's settled let's go
back to the atlier
come on ferris
[Music]
hey wait please don't leave me behind
welcome back that took longer than i
expected
lots of things happened where should i
start
[Music]
i see i understand the circumstances
yeah so um
it's too awkward to go home now
ah right hmm
what to do she could stay here for now
luckily we have plenty of space
oh that's true what do you think ferris
um if you two are okay with it
i'd like that then it's decided
i'm sure you're tired today let's start
our work tomorrow
[Music]
yes you should get plenty of rest today
you can use the bed over here
[Music]
all right starting today you'll be
practicing alchemy
i suppose the most urgent goal is to
solve the troubles of the town's people
right let's aim for that goal and do our
best
yeah let's do our best sophie
miss sophie
hey you just laughed there's nothing
funny about it
you're right i'm sorry miss sophie
i feel like i'm being made fun of here
oh well
whatever anyway
let's get started with synthesis okay
the assignment the elder gave to me is
to solve problems of the townspeople of
alchemy to do that i must refine my
alchemy skills as soon as i can
time's wasting so let's go ask miss
sophie to teach me more
and i'm sorry there's just no way i'm
going to try to do
a voice anywhere near as high pitched as
hers is
okay left 26 days
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
sure proof right away
okay can i look around the rest of the
area here
not a lot around here at this point
but i said according to the website you
can
customize this i didn't look too much in
detail the stuff on the website
but i did kind of skim over some things
on the official website
now we have been recording for
a little under a half an hour but i hope
if the cut seems to keep going like they
have
it could be another 10 minutes before i
have a chance to save
so we're going to go ahead and take a
break here
i hope you're enjoying thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out leopards
my name is karsten
i need to adjust the volume on my end
here there we go
[Music]
i've been kind of alternating playing
this and robot dinosaur skyrim but
uh the way i play horizon zero dawn
doesn't really
suit itself to let's plays because i
take a very long time and stealth
everything
but in any case let's see here i believe
we're supposed to help the townspeople
so let's go outside and see who needs
some helping
or i should practice alchemy first
sure okay
guess i just need to level up alchemy or
something i'm going to teach you
a more standard method of synthesis than
you did before
but it's basically the same so don't
worry i'm sure you can do it ferris
what should i
what make should i use
[Music]
yes we just
i don't think these are any different
other than the size now
okay is this okay which catalyst should
i use
you don't have any items called catalyst
right now so you won't use one for
synthesis here
okay catalyst i think is a new thing
also those lines around the edges are a
new thing
i guess if we fill all those in sorry
for the dog barking one sec
[Music]
i think she heard me talking and decided
to help
uh so i'm guessing if we fill all those
lines in around there
we either get quality plus 10 or size
plus one
interesting what material should i use
now we place the princess grass
in the area on the top
i left rotate yet got so spoiled by
being able to do that with the higher
end cauldron so i'm going to miss it so
much until i can do that
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm placing it will grow the component
bar on the right the amount it grows and
the color depends on the material
try placing the materials in the same
way
okay
[Music]
um let's see
oh it's making me place it there
[Music]
i don't want it to go there when the bar
fills up the charge level the item
you're making increases
when this happens the effect levels of
the color the material will
rise this level up was blue so the blue
effect grows
the other colors also increased by a
small amount when the effect will reach
a certain levels
filling up the star mark special effects
slip here yep
okay this is try placing but it's making
me place them certain places
blue effect level will increase okay
next take
the two white lines inside the area
these are bonus lines
fill all the spaces using materials
you'll gain various bonuses yeah i kind
of guessed that
[Music]
you can check the line details by
pressing triangle the slime bonus will
increase the quality
now try placing the panels to fill it
okay good you're going to make me do it
because i wanted to anyway
it's going well you gain the bonus
quality value has risen to 110.
bonus lines change when you use
different material called catalysts in
your synthesis
okay
okay so the catalyst change the lines
if you don't have a catalyst you get a
standard two white lines
sometimes you may see different colored
lines okay
must be filled by the panels of the same
color to have an effect okay makes sense
let's continue and complete the item
[Music]
so this is time 12 hours yep fine
am i like getting experience for that
particular recipe
[Music]
did it work it's perfect
looks like you've already got the basics
yes you really are a quick learner
ferris
i'm starting to feel a little more
confident if you start putting it into
practice
i think you'll get better in no time
put it into practice
yeah i was just thinking seeing how you
have that assignment from the elder
maybe you should go and ask the
townspeople about their troubles
and if you solve them using alchemy ah i
get it
i can put it into practice by completing
the assignment
exactly it'll save time don't you think
yes in that case i'll go and ask about
their troubles
yep see you later be careful not to trip
and fall
[Music]
so she couldn't figure out she should
check with people until
sophie told her to right
teacher proves me i've got a perfect
rest of the basics of alchemy i just
need to accumulate experience as i clean
the elders assignment
let's go around and ask the townspeople
what they're having problems with
[Music]
[Applause]
for now how about three people's
problems
all right i know this is a simple area
but it really bugs me that i don't have
a mini-map
inside
[Music]
i said i'd go and ask between us to
solve
there's no point in standing around here
i should just go and
talk to lots of different people
would you like to be the tutorial for
chain quests uh
sure
[Music]
as you explore towns and fields quest
will activate for various reasons
eating quests not only rewards you in
various ways but can also change
fierce's environment
also completing quests can trigger other
quests to be active called chain quests
nature and objectives can differ
depending on how the previous quest was
solved
okay when you fulfill certain conditions
hints about solving the quest will be
added
under quest notes you can open quest
notes from the main menu
for more detailed explanation about
quests check help in the encyclopedia
all right so let's
look around
[Music]
well you have back pains but you know
i'd give you this thing but it won't let
me
see do you have anything interesting to
save
in the stylish cafes here
don't think i can help with that one
right yet
oh
how about down here
[Music]
what should i do the fact that you're
saying that
kind of hints that maybe you are going
to be the one that i need to help
what should i do is something troubling
you
yes actually you know how
was it being pronounced
[Music]
lyanna lyanna i think eliana
went and got lots of games today thanks
sir
we have lots of pelts i've been thinking
about making leather out of them but
they're far too many so i'm short on
tanning fluid
it would take too long to go outside and
trade for it i don't know what to do
tanning fluid
make tanning fluid make tanning fluid
one
maybe there should have been a space
there but oh well
my sister lee's friend theater says
she's having trouble
with not enough tanning fluid if i knew
how to make it
i'd make some with alchemy but for now i
suppose i should go here other problems
first
all right now there's a dot in here
or no up here
i was lucky enough to enter a toner but
can i get out
no you are trapped here forever
there's someone that needs help
[Music]
ah what's wrong
ah fierce there's actually something
troubling me
first you already know that orc could be
found inside rocks right
to tell the truth i found a magnificent
rock that should contain good ore
but the rock's too hard for me to dig
into it with a pickaxe
it'd be a shame to just leave it maybe i
could blow it up using a bomb
something to break hard rocks
you're just having trouble breaking hard
rocks but i can't even imagine a way to
destroy a rock that can't be cracked
with a pickaxe
for now all i can do is go around and
hear other problems
okay if you say so
i mean come on making a bomb is one of
the really basic things
ouch oh well you could use
uh maybe one of these things i mean
ow um are you injured
i don't know if you'd call it an injury
but my back started hurting
hurting after mining for ore it's got a
lot better but
the pain just won't go away completely
oh
damn it isn't there some sort of
medicine for this
medicine to stop back pain
[Music]
i think i've heard everyone's troubles
now but i don't know how to solve them
i guess i'll go and talk to sophie about
it
what the medicine that i made isn't good
enough
shortcut function has been added to the
area map
i'm pretty sure i know what this is but
sure go ahead and show me
shortcut slide you move to notable
locations such as landmarks however time
still passes when you move so be careful
for more detailed explanation let's
check help in the encyclopedia
okay dennis is still young it is hurt
his back it seems
something that's effective for back pain
hmm what would be good for that
i feel bad for dennis but first i'll go
around and hear other people's problems
i
guess
all right
so is time passing when i'm just walking
around
doesn't oh yes it does
interesting i wonder if time passes if i
just sit still
[Music]
maybe it's only when i pass into certain
areas
because it only seems to happen when i
move maybe
[Music]
teacher i went and listened to
everyone's troubles
[Music]
good good so what were they
well you see
[Music]
hmm
i see what's wrong first
you seem to have a stolen look on your
face
uh i know about their troubles
but there's no point if i don't know how
to solve them with alchemy
hmm that's true maybe you should just
try all kinds of things
all kinds of things yeah
do various things even if they aren't
related to alchemy
sudden insight is important in alchemy
sometimes you come up with recipes
because of unexpected things
sophie is correct as you do various
tasks
it can come naturally so you're saying i
might come up with ways to solve their
troubles
[Music]
exactly is that enough
do you want more specific hints about it
no no it's okay i'll go and try various
things
[Music]
would you like to be a tutorial for
recipe ideas sure
uh sophie had something similar to this
and just doing various things and
finding things gave you ideas for
recipes to try
[Music]
as you take various actions like battle
or gathering ferris can come up with
recipe
with recipes at first the actions needed
to come up with a recipe are hidden
however as you take actions that fulfill
the recipes conditions hints will start
to appear
you can check hints for recipes and
recipe ideas under the main menu
you can only synthesize an item after
fulfilling the conditions
then returning to the outlayer try
performing various actions and come up
with all kinds of recipes
for more detailed explanation about
recipe ideas check out the encyclopedia
okay let's see if we have any hints so
far
is under recipe book no
um i don't see recipe ideas in here
maybe it's under quest book no
okay that
hear people's tales pick up items
it's important to try various things all
right
[Music]
maybe it's under encyclopedia
oh yes it is recipe ideas well that
doesn't help
[Music]
[Applause]
that uh the symbol for money there
i think it's called is it called coal in
this series but
i keep thinking it looks like a dragon
ball
[Music]
[Applause]
oh no x there we go
okay oh
use some fairy parasol my cooking but my
back's been hurting me so much
go run get some furry parasol okay
[Music]
let's look them stuff
nothing from there
let's look over here
i think i'll hold off on going indoors
[Music]
anywhere
let's talk to everyone and stuff
all right fine requests
um
[Music]
those are just those
i guess i should see what they have to
say
[Music]
down here huh
yeah sure is kind of crazy i'm sure they
must use some kind of special bombs only
quarry in the town also has its own
firepowers but nowhere near that amount
where to get it you're sure to find some
when you break the stones at the end of
the lining tunnel
all right
[Music]
let's go ahead and check up here
since there's another light up here
where was that over there actually do
you have anything to say
no
[Music]
not not light icon there's another icon
up here
[Applause]
[Music]
um
very parasol all right
so someone over here or something over
here is going to help with that
what what was that
[Music]
i'll take some of this
oh
yes i got you some fairy parasol why can
i not
is it in the atlear that i need to talk
to next
probably in the atlear so let's go down
there
um
wow what is this
sightseeing spot what
okay
[Music]
many word entrance okay
don't possess an idol that can be used
okay so i've got can stone
all right um
so if we go into
got an idea for the bomb all right
[Music]
put three fairy parasols okay
and what was the other one
[Music]
wait for leah okay
now let's look for fairy parasols on our
way back
[Music]
it bugs me that time is passing while i
do all this but
i have heard the time limits in this
game are pretty forgiving
[Music]
let's see probably doesn't matter too
actually well let's go this
way because i
think i know where there's some other
mushrooms that i saw oh there well
there's one
[Music]
okay
so that's that
[Music]
and we will head back home to the alley
or is it this way
[Music]
and once we are back i believe we can
advance
some of the quests
[Applause]
um i am lost am i lost no i'm not lost
right
i'm going to keep the high quality one
so there that's okay
oh
you're telling us all is what you want
it's an ancient form of medicine and
applying it relieves back pain
okay
okay we got two of them
[Music]
now what to make
now look at me level two low for that so
[Music]
let's make the bomb that would be best
i need two of those oh
we need more kane stone okay
[Music]
fine
should have gathered up more i knew i
should have gathered up more
[Music]
all right
oh sure that one has tons
of course the first one i break only has
two and i need three and the rest of
them have like eight or whatever
okay
[Music]
back to the outlier let's try this again
i don't think quality matters for this
that one's purple uh
interesting is this okay
sure okay let's start
[Music]
that one there
material set that one there and that one
there
[Music]
yep good enough for the quest that's
what counts
[Music]
all right it's done how is it teacher
yeah it's well made you're getting a lot
better at this ferris
indeed she could eventually surpass you
if you get careless sophie
oh you might be right about that
huh who could that be yes
excuse me is ferris here
ah you were lyanna
leah wait are you mad about something
yes very mad i understand that it's hard
to face mom
so it's fine that you aren't coming home
but why aren't you at least coming to
see me i'm so worried i can hardly sleep
at night
huh oh sorry i forgot
you you forgot that's
terrible i'm always thinking about you
ferris
huh always
hey wait my teacher and plucked are here
hold down i can't
there's no way i can calm down i'm not
seeing you is like having 90
of the fun in my life taken away
i get it i get it already i'll go and
see you from time to time
really yeah really
i promise i see
then that's good if you break your
promise
you'll make me cry you know
sophie and plocta was it please take
care of ferris
i'll be going now
[Music]
huh lyanna seemed a lot different from
the last time i met her
[Music]
when it's about me she gets like that
sometimes
oh but she's normally really cool you
know she's serious
and reliable it seems you a liking for
lyanna as well ferris
of course he is my big sister and i'm
proud of her
yeah they have a little bit of an
interesting dynamic it seems
okay can deliver the bomb
and we can ask liam about tanning fluid
let's honestly about tanning fluid
and then see if we can
get all these deliveries done at once
[Music]
where is leah
hello maybe she's home
[Music]
don't want to go home right now okay
then where is leah
down there okay
there she is what's this thing
here oh
what can i do for you tanning fluid yes
i sometimes use it too
i think it's made from blending together
plant oils i think
this town doesn't have many viable
plants so it's hard to get a hold of
i wish there was a way to make it from
less plants but oh good
looks like you thought of something that
i could help good luck
okay
came up with a new recipe all right so
what does it need
i don't know until i go back to the
outlier
okay
[Music]
was kind of hoping to know what i'd need
before then but okay
[Music]
i can make a new item now
yeah so what does it take
uh let's just look here actually uh
plant and water do i have five plants
what to make no
what would be best i need more of those
okay fine time to gather more mushrooms
[Music]
shouldn't have known what they're saying
it was plants
nothing in here now
so those can be useful
there are some over here right i thought
no maybe back here
there's one oh no x
it's one yeah
[Music]
to
i want one of these to have like a
half a dozen or something like that rock
that we found
[Music]
the music changes depending on what part
of town we're in that's kind of cool
or maybe it's time of day is that five
well there's two more here i'll grab
these and then head back
that should definitely be enough
[Music]
so now i should be able to make all the
rest of the things
actually i can deliver that uh
i gotta lure some of this stuff can't i
wait not you who had the bomb
[Music]
uh someone over here
you right yeah
is this okay
[Music]
what's this a bomb
a bomb why are you giving this to me huh
you were concerned before because there
was a rock you can break with a pickaxe
right
oh that's right but where did you get
this
i made it myself you made it wait
you fierce huh that's pretty impressive
thanks this will really help still
though to think ferris made this
who's this happy girl i see she's so
cute she makes me want to smile too
oh leah listen to this i
did it i managed to solve someone's
troubles with alchemy
oh that's pretty amazing
congratulations ferris yeah
alchemy really is like a dream
the only thing i could do until now was
find ore
i couldn't punch or anything like you
can leah
but even i was able to help someone in
need
this is all thanks to learning alchemy
from miss sophie
[Music]
ferris you seem to be enjoying yourself
looks like you've taken quite a liking
to alchemy
of course my number one dream is still
to go outside
but lately i've started wanting to
become an amazing alchemist too
i see in that case you're gonna have to
study a lot more alchemy you know
yeah if you have any troubles just let
me know
i'll help you using alchemy sure
i'll ask you when the time comes do your
best until then
yeah see you later
okay so that's one down
two to go we have a couple other recipes
to make
i keep forgetting i can run uh see
nothing it's not much faster
[Music]
actually we've been recording for over
half an hour now let's go ahead and take
a break here
we will finish up the next bit of
crafting
and item delivery next time i hope
you're enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play outly or
ferris my name is karsten
let's solve some more people's problems
with alchemy
let's see if we can get some stuff
crafted now
alchemy a little too low won't even let
me try
i know in previous ones you could try at
least some of the previous ones
you can try and just have a really low
chance of success but
but we can make tanning fluid what
material should i use
[Applause]
let's uh just throw some things in here
it doesn't really matter i think
uh there and
is this okay sure